{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13140\viewh10760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
\
COUNTRY MUSIC\'92S FAVORITE DRUM MACHINE\
\
Wait, what?\
\
There\'92s a funny story here. This particular 909 was used by a dear friend of mine to provide drums tracks to his original country and western music, You see, as he was nearly 80 years old, most of his drummer friends had either hung up their sticks or had passed away. \
\
So what does he do? He finds this old box called a  \'93Rhythm Composer\'94 and all of a sudden he doesn\'92t need a drummer anymore!\
\
The first time I met him and walked into his studio I spotted it and my jaw nearly hit the floor! As he had given me some of his CD\'92s, I eagerly listened to see where this thing would show up. \
\
Turns out it\'92s doing the most basic of galloping gentle hihat and snare patterns. Think coconut clip-clop horse sound effect and you are almost there. \
\
Gene Fuller was his name. The Texas Guitarman was his stage name. He played with Dolly Parton, Bill Haley (of Bill Haley and the Comets), did Nashville Session work for years and he barely told a soul of any of it. \
\
Gene passed away this year (2019) and left me the 909. I wanted to pass along something to you as well.\
\
So as you are about to enjoy some fun free samples of a classic drum machine, I ask you to please, keep making your music. Whether you are ever famous or not, you are leaving behind something uniquely and beautifully you. Do like my dear old friend Gene and make your music right up to the day you meet the Maker. \
\
-Maunster\
\
\
\
\
}